Add note about readQuery and ROOT_QUERY to `readQuery` documentation (#11169)
apollographql/apollo-client: docs/source/caching/cache-interaction.mdx

> If your cache contains data for _all_ of the query's fields, `readQuery` returns an object that matches the shape of the query:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your cache contains data for _all_ of the query's fields, `readQuery` returns an object that matches the shape of the query.
```

If your cache contains data for _all_ of the query's fields, `readQuery` returns an object that matches the shape of the query:

> > **Note:** for this to work, the `todo` field with the `id:5` argument needs to be present in the `ROOT_QUERY` object otherwise the data is treated as missing and `null` is returned.

Author: I'm not sure the best way to talk about this `id:5` part, but its necessary to understand how this works since the cache looks like this:

```
{
  ROOT_QUERY: {
    'todo({"id":5})': { 
      __ref: 'Todo:5'
    }
  },
  'Todo:5': { ... }
}
```

The query won't work unless that field with `id:5` is in the cache. Any suggestions are welcome for specifying this in a more understandable way.

Reviewer: Do you think mentioning `ROOT_QUERY` is necessary? Maybe it's clearer to just refer to it as "the cache"? Perhaps something like this: (If I'm understanding correctly.)

```suggestion
To successfully execute queries with variables, the field with the specified argument must already be in the cache. In the above example, to fetch the to-do item with `id:5`, the `todo` field(s) for `id:5` must already be cached. Otherwise the client treats the data as missing and `readQuery` returns `null`. To learn more about how the caching works, checkout the [caching overview](./overview). 
```

Since there's a good amount of info here, I would also recommend taking this out of a blockquote and making it regular text. I would also place it above the previous sentence ("If your cache contains..."), since that sentence should directly proceed the code example that follows.

Reviewer: If `ROOT_QUERY` is necessary for understanding, you could reword it like this:

```suggestion
To successfully execute queries with variables, the field with the specified argument must already be in the cache. In the above example, to fetch the to-do item with `id:5`, the `todo` field(s) for `id:5` must already be cached. For this example, the cache would need to look something like this:

--> Add code block with ROOT_QUERY example

Otherwise the client treats the data as missing and `readQuery` returns `null`. To learn more about how the caching works, checkout the [caching overview](./overview).
```

(Same suggestions regarding removing blockquote + placement.)

Author: I like your 2nd suggestion a lot since it would come with a code block to better visualize what is required to make this work. Thanks so much @Meschreiber! I'll get this updated.
